Doc fixes (#6245)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/auth/extauth/oauth/_index.md

- `client_id`: This is the **client id** that you obtained when you registered your application with the identity provider.
- `client_secret_ref`: This is a reference to a Kubernetes secret containing the **client secret** that you obtained 
when you registered your application with the identity provider. The easiest way to create the Kubernetes secret in the 
expected format is to use `glooctl`. If you use `kubectl`, be sure to annotate the secret with `*v1.Secret` so that Gloo Edge detects the secret.
{{< tabs >}}
{{< tab name="glooctl" codelang="shell">}}
glooctl create secret oauth --namespace gloo-system --name oidc --client-secret <client_secret_value>
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab name="kubectl" codelang="shell">}}

> kubectl create secret generic oidc --from-literal=client-secret=<client_secret>

Author: Yes, this is what I was sent

```
kubectl create secret generic oidc --from-literal=client-secret=thisisasecret
k annotate secret oidc resource_kind='*v1.Secret' # Important since gloo-edge don't watch for opaque secrets without this
```

> kubectl annotate secret oidc resource_kind='*v1.Secret' # Important since gloo-edge don't watch for opaque secrets without this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl annotate secret oidc resource_kind='*v1.Secret' # Important, since gloo-edge does not watch for opaque secrets without this setting
```
